DataGrid/Gantt: Rewrite PDF troubleshooting topic (#7630)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/pdfExporter/exportDataGrid(options).md

    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/PDFOverview/"
}

[note]

- This method uses [jsPDF](https://github.com/parallax/jsPDF) v2.3.1+ to generate PDF files.

> - To generate PDFs with unsupported characters, refer to the following troubleshooting guide: [Export Unsupported Characters - DataGrid](/Documentation/Guide/Troubleshooting/PDF_Export_Issues/Export_Unsupported_Characters/DataGrid/).

Reviewer: This phrase confused me a little bit: "To generate PDFs with unsupported characters". It almost sounds like I want my PDF to include unsupported (corrupted) characters. The entire phrase "unsupported characters" is strange. If you can fix the export, then they are not "unsupported", you just need to export data the right way. Maybe just say "resolve possible issues with Unicode character export".

```suggestion
- To resolve possible issues with Unicode characters in exported PDF files, refer to the following troubleshooting guide: [Export Unsupported Characters - DataGrid](/Documentation/Guide/Troubleshooting/PDF_Export_Issues/Export_Unsupported_Characters/DataGrid/).
```

[/note]

> In the following example, the [onClick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton/1%20Configuration/onClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick') handler of a DevExtreme [Button](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Button/Overview/) calls **exportDataGrid**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, a DevExtreme [Button](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Button/Overview/)'s [onClick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton/1%20Configuration/onClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick') event handler calls **exportDataGrid**:
```
